feat: gh action verification (#1)
CycleOperators/BalanceCheckerVerification: readme.md

## Introduction

- This repository contains the [source code](blackhole.mo) for canister `5vdms-kaaaa-aaaap-aa3uq-cai`, the CycleOps balance checker canister
- It contains scripts allowing a user to verify that canister `5vdms-kaaaa-aaaap-aa3uq-cai` is:
  - blackholed, with 0 controllers
  - running the same wasm binary generated from ([./blackhole.mo](blackhole.mo))

<br/>

# Verification of the Blackholed Balance Checker canister

## Easy Mode: Use a GH Action

This will only take a few clicks!

1. Fork this repository.
2. Navigate to the actions tab of your new repo.
3. Select the "Verify Black Hole Canister" action on the left.
4. Dispatch the action.

You can view the output of this action to confirm that 1) the canister has no controllers, 2) the mainnet wasm matches the contents of this repository. The final step to be 100% confident that this canister can do no harm is to audit the source code of this repo.

## Alternative: Verify on your local machine

> _NOTE: wasm hash will vary depending on operating system. You must use macos to verify the wasm hash._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_NOTE: Currently, this method is only supported for macOS, as the wasm hash generated will vary depending on operating system.
```

Author: Looks good! Committing.

To verify the CycleOps balance checker canister's black hole status from your local machine:

1. Clone this repository
2. Install version 0.13.1 of dfx (the version listed in the `dfx.json` file) with `DFX_VERSION=0.13.1 sh -ci "$(curl -fsSL https://internetcomputer.org/install.sh)"`. [dfx](https://internetcomputer.org/docs/current/references/cli-reference/dfx-parent/) is the DFINITY command-line execution environment for creating, deploying, and managing the dapps you develop for the IC.
3. Install vessel from (https://github.com/dfinity/vessel). Vessel is used to fix the version of the [motoko-base](https://github.com/dfinity/motoko-base) library used in the project to 0.8.4.

> 4. The following command:

Reviewer: Thanks 🤦

Author: My linter did it! 😛
